Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now The Islands.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
Chuck Norris tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd; no one fools Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Chuck Norris puts the laughter in manslaughter.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck Norris once won a game of Connect Four in 3 moves.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Chuck Norris died ten years ago, but the Grim Reaper can't get up the courage to tell him.
Chuck Norris does not hunt because the word hunting implies the possibility of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.
Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then its beef.
Chuck Norris can have both feet on the ground and kick ass at the same time.
Superman owns a pair of Chuck Norris pajamas.
Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris secretly sleeps with every woman in the world once a month. They bleed for a week as a result.
When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, he's telling you how many seconds you have left to live.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird
Chuck Norris is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
Chuck Norris eats the core of an apple first.
Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Chuck Norris PC will crash.
Ghosts are actually caused by Chuck Norris killing people faster than Death can process them.
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
Chuck Norris never retreats, he just attacks in the opposite direction.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
The reason newborn babies cry is because they know they have just entered a world with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has to maintain a concealed weapon license in all 50 states in order to legally wear pants.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
Chuck Norris plays russian roulette with a fully loaded revolver... and wins.
M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.
Chuck Norris once punched a man in the soul.
Chuck Norris likes to knit sweaters in his free time. And by knit, I mean kick, and by sweaters, I mean babies.
Chuck Norris is 1/8th Cherokee. This has nothing to do with ancestry, the man ate a Jeep.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
Chuck Norris can play the violin with a piano
Chuck Norris once had a heart attack; his heart lost.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack still couldn't dodge Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he had made a mistake.
Rosa Parks refused to get out of her seat because she was saving it for Chuck Norris.
Brett Favre can throw a football over 50 yards. Chuck Norris can throw Brett Favre even further.
The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain.
Chuck Norris can make a paraplegic run for his life.
The last digit of pi is Chuck Norris. He is the end of all things.
Chuck Norris once bowled a 300. Without a ball. He wasnt even in a bowling alley.
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
Chuck Norris can tie his shoes with his feet.
The quickest way to a mans heart is with Chuck Norris fist.
If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris you may be only seconds away from death.
Chuck Norris doesn't play hide-and-seek. He plays hide-and-pray-I-don't-find-you
Chuck Norris does not know where you live, but he knows where you will die.
Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.
The saddest moment for a child is not when he learns Santa Claus isn't real, it's when he learns Chuck Norris is.
Most men are okay with their wives fantasizing about Chuck Norris during sex, because they are doing the same thing.
Bullets dodge Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris cannot predict the future; the future just better do what Chuck Norris says.
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.
If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
Chuck Norris tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.
Chuck Norris does not mow the lawn, he goes outside and dares it to grow.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
Chuck Norris CAN parse HTML with regex